[Music]
my name is Jordan Belfort the year I
turned 26
I mean 49 million dollars which really
pissed me off because it was three shy
of a million a week making a name for
ourselves nobody knows if the stock is
gonna go up down sideways or in circles
you know what for guys yes well okay Z
it's a fake if a gauzy it's a y'see it's
a woody it fairy dust was all this legal
absolutely not we were making more money
than we know what to do with yeah my
money take care boobs yeah any kind of
booze you might want off the Bureau
forbids us to drink it follow me
[Music]
but there's nowhere to go and there's no
way to slow
I would
how does this actually work is a big
money sign they get launched at the tide
they stick this is their gift okay
they're built to be thrown like a lawn
dart
stop thank you for safety safety is
first I'm gonna want to get a bad
reputation
[Music]
hmm